Add docs related to cy.$$ (#2465)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/api/utilities/$.md

  .click()
  .should('have.class', 'active')
```

# Notes

## Cypress.$ vs. cy.$$

You can also query DOM elements with `cy.$$`. But `Cypress.$` and `cy.$$` are different. 

> `Cypress.$` refers to `jQuery` function itself. You can do anything with `Cypress.$` if you can do it with `jQuery` function. So, the both of them below works fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Cypress.$` refers to the `jQuery` function itself. You can do anything with `Cypress.$` if you can do it with the `jQuery` function. So, both of the examples below work.
```

```js
Cypress.$.each([1, 2, 3], (index, value) => {
  expect(index).to.eq(value)
}) // works
```

```js
$.each([1, 2, 3], (index, value) => {
  expect(index).to.eq(value)
}) // also works
```

> But `cy.$$` is a wrapper of `jQuery.fn.init` function. In other words, you can only query DOM elements with `cy.$$`. Because of that, the jQuery utility functions like `jQuery.each`, `jQuery.grep` don't work with `cy.$$`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But `cy.$$` is a wrapper of the `jQuery.fn.init` function. In other words, you can only query DOM elements with `cy.$$`. Because of that, the jQuery utility functions like `jQuery.each`, `jQuery.grep` don't work with `cy.$$`.
```
